# akshaya-spark-inventive
18/7    In today's session we get to know the major the difference between ui and ux. So basicly ui stands for user interface and ux stands for user experience. ui deals with the visauls.. like layout, theme... ux deals with the protocol of ui. Finally we sign up with to this github...
19/7    we had a quick recap of yesterday's class. then we saw about photoshop... Learned about few tools like object- which provides different shapes and free drawings, Select tool- enables to edit the shape and size of the object, Text tool- has various font styles.
20/7 we saw about gradient tool... which helps to add multi colour theme to the project. it has radial, linear, reflection, angular styles..
21/7 illustration- helps to draw. we can also insert an object and then use pencile tool to draw to outline of the inserted object.then by using full we can add colours to it.
22/7 Logo creating method- we first created cirlce for music app and filled colour and then we added tiangle in it. we had a view on various colour combinations. we saw about mesh tool, which helps to merge the colour smoothly. take away: research abt the previous logos.
24/7 we sketched login sign up and welcome page... colour combinations- must to use contrasting colour combinations, grey is not for positive vibe... 
25/7 we signed in figma application with the given id and password.. and saw outline feactures of the application, like how to create frame, object, and how to use pen and selection option.
27/7 we sketched login page in a4 and used that in figma... we 1st created frame and adjusted it for iphone and then added rectangle for user name, password, then we designed signup page... atlast we linked logo page log in, and signup page using a prototype. finaly also saw about gradient tool in figma.
28/7 we saw about plugins- from where we can select objects... and then we sketch few pages of whatsapp.
31/7 in todays class we saw about prototype.. we linked two frames we also saw about different navigation opt. to link to frame, select the frame and click on the plus icon then select the type of transition.. for a particular text, click on the text and , click on plus icon then merge the pages using arrow. today we are creating clone gmail.
1/8 in today's class we used gmail frames and added prototype for each frame... so basicly we created a logo page, log in, singup page,home page,we started with logo page and we linked it with signin page then we selected sign up txt and linked it with sign up page, then we selected both logo and sing up page and linked it with home page.lastly we had a detail view on pluggins and saw the application of morph.
2/7 in today's class we disscused about yesterdays assignment, we saw about allignments and pluggins.
